Cover closing and locking #help posts in the README (#197)
ghostty-org/discord-bot: README.md

| `/close moved`     | Moved to GitHub | GitHub entity number                      | Links to the GitHub entity                         |
| `/close duplicate` | Duplicate       | Help post ID/link or GitHub entity number | Links to original post or GitHub entity            |

## `#help` channel moderation

> Similar to [`/close`](#close), posts in the `#help` channel are automatically
> closed after one day when they have been marked as such using the post tags.
> Information about a `#help` channel scan is also published in the bot log
> channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to [`/close`](#close), posts in the `#help` channel are automatically
closed after one day of inactivity when they have been marked as solved using
the post tags. Information about a `#help` channel scan is also published in
the bot log channel.
```
